Changelog July 17 2025 (#509)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: changelogs/2025-07-17_general-fixes.mdx

---
_schema: default
title: General fixes
---
This release improved the UI on the *Subscription* page.

It also addressed several issues affecting upload paths, cropping images from a DAM, and Fast Branch.

## Features & Improvements

* The *Subscription* page under *Org Settings* now sums all account credits into a single line on your *Estimated bill* table.

## Fixes

* Fixed an issue where input previews did not work when you defined `paths.uploads` for an input without using a leading slash.
* Fixed an issue where CloudCannon would fail to load an image from a DAM in the *Crop image* modal.
* Fixed an issue where Fast Branch was failing, causing newly branched Sites to fail to load.

> * Fixed an issue where Fast Branch did not work for Sites using Unified Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where Sites using Unified Configuration could become stuck in a loading state after branching.
```
